Initial Commit For api-02-async-await Objective (#57)
TwilioQuest/twilioquest-api-academy: levels/lovelace_tower/objectives/api-02-async-await/walkthrough.md

# Running code asynchronously

> Most of the code we write runs instantly\*, but situations exist in which it takes longer than usual. One such situation is when you're reading the contents of a directory using NodeJS and Javascript. In Javascript, we have the ability to execute code asynchronously. That is to say, without stopping everything else to wait for that code to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the code we write returns a value instantly\*, but there are times when it takes longer than usual. When this happens, Javascript doesn't wait: it will keep executing the rest of our code, even if that code depends on the value we are waiting to be returned!

An example of this is reading the contents of a directory using NodeJS and Javascript. Take a look at this code:
```

Example(1):

```js
const { readdir } = require("fs").promises;

const contents = readdir("path/to/directory");
console.log(contents);
```

> The example uses `readdir` to get files and folders in a directory. The `readdir` function is asynchronous and will take some time to finish. With things as they are, our `console.log` would print `Promise { <pending> }`. That's where promises come into the picture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example uses `readdir` to get files and folders in a directory, and assigns those files and folders to a variable `contents`, and then outputs those contents to the console. Because `readdir` takes time to return a value, and Javascript doesn't wait, our `console.log` may not output what we expect.

We call functions like this "asynchronous", and they return a Promise. In this case, our `console.log` would print `Promise { <pending> }`.

The `readdir` function is asynchronous and will take some time to finish. With things as they are, our `console.log` would print `Promise { <pending> }`. That's where promises come into the picture.
```

## What are promises?

> Promises are what asynchronous functions return, and is what Javascript uses to represent the state of asynchronous tasks. They give us the ability to pause our program until a task completes, or provide a callback (i.e. a function) to be invoked once finished. To do so, we use the `await` keyword and `promise.then` method respectively. More on those coming up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Promises represent a value that we will get in the future. Initially, an asynchronous function returns a Promise object, and when the real value is available, the Promise "resolves" and is replaced by the value. In other words, they are a **promise** of a future value! Get it?

Javascript can use the presence of a Promise to control the execution of our program, giving us the ability to pause it until a task completes, or provide a callback (i.e. a function) to be invoked once finished. To do so, we use the `await` keyword and `promise.then` method respectively. More on those coming up.
```
